Docs: Edit of 3 files in backend contributor guide (part 6 of doc quality improvement project) (#89582)
grafana/grafana: contribute/backend/database.md

## `SQLStore`

> As opposed to a `sqlstore` handler, the `SQLStore` is a service itself. Like the handler, the `SQLStore` is responsible to store and retrieve objects, to and from the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As opposed to a `sqlstore` handler, the `SQLStore` is a service itself. Like the handler, the `SQLStore` is responsible for storing and retrieving objects, to and from the database.
```

## Migrations

> As your use of Grafana evolves, it may become necessary to create _schema migrations_ for one or more database tables.

Reviewer: could this be active? You many need to create ...

Author: done

To see all the types of migrations you can add, refer to [migrations.go](/pkg/services/sqlstore/migrator/migrations.go).

Before you add a migration, make sure that you:

- Never change a migration that has been committed and pushed to `main`.
- Always add new migrations, to change or undo previous migrations.

Add a migration using one of the following methods:

- Add migrations in the `migrations` package.
- Implement the `DatabaseMigrator` for the service.

> **Important:** If there are previous migrations for a service, use that method. Don't add migrations using both methods or you risk running migrations in the wrong order.

Author: ```suggestion
> **Important:** If there are previous migrations for a service, use that method. Don't add migrations using both methods or you risk running migrations in the wrong order.
```

> **Important:** If there are previous migrations for a service, use that method. Don't add migrations using both methods or you risk running migrations in the wrong order.

Reviewer: could this be a note? maybe consider a shortcode for this, too

Author: fixed

- Open the [migrations.go](/pkg/services/sqlstore/migrations/migrations.go) file.
- In the `AddMigrations` function, find the `addXxxMigration` function for the service you want to create a migration for.
- At the end of the `addXxxMigration` function, register your migration (refer to the following example).

- [Example](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/blob/00d0640b6e778ddaca021670fe851fe00982acf2/pkg/services/sqlstore/migrations/migrations.go#L55-L70)

> > **Note:** We no longer recommend putting migrations behind feature flags because this could cause the migration to skip integration testing.

Reviewer: again, shortcode :)
